doc/api-documentation.md, before:

## Introduction

This document outlines the API endpoints and models offered by the backend of the application.

All api endpoints are prefixed with `/api/v1`.


## Table of Contents
 * [Profiles](#profiles)
 * [Auth](#auth)
 * [Events](#events)
 * [Scrambles](#scrambles)
 * [Sessions](#sessions)


### Profiles

#### `GET /api/v1/profiles/logged`
- **Description**: Get information about currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Account found.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to read this data.

#### `PUT /api/v1/profiles/logged/change-username`
- **Description**: Change the username of currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `username` (string): The new username of the account.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Username updated.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to update this data.

#### `PUT /api/v1/profiles/logged/change-password`
- **Description**: Change the password of currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `new_password` (string): The new password of the account.
  - `old_password` (string): Current password of the account.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Password updated.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to update this data.


### Auth

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/register`
- **Description**: Register a new account.
- **Request Body**:
  - `username` (string): The username of the new account.
  - `password` (string): The password of the new account.
- **Responses**:
  - `201 Created`: Account created.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `409 Conflict`: Username already taken.

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/login`
- **Description**: Authenticate the account and return JWT tokens.
- **Request Body**:
  - `username` (string): The username of the account.
  - `password` (string): The password of the account.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Login successful, returns JWT tokens.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Invalid credentials.

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/refresh`
- **Description**: Refresh the access token.
- **Request Body**:
  - `refresh_token` (string): The refresh token.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Token refreshed, returns a new access token.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Invalid or expired refresh token.

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/revoke-all-sessions`
- **Description**: Revoke all sessions of the account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `password` (string): The password of the account.
- **Responses**: 
  - `200 OK`: returns number of revoked sessions.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Invalid credentials.

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/logout`
- **Description**: Log out the current session by invalidating the refresh token.
- **Request Body**:
  - `refresh_token` (string): The refresh token.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Logged out.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Invalid or expired refresh token.


### Events

#### `GET /api/v1/events`
- **Description**: Get all non-private events.
- **Query Parameters**:
  - `page` (int): The page number.
  - `limit` (int): The number of events per page.
- **Responses**: 
  - `200 OK`: Returns a paginated list of non-private events.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid query parameters.

#### `POST /api/v1/events`
- **Description**: Create a new event.
- **Request Body**:
  - `title` (string): The title of the event.
  - `description` (string): The description of the event.
  - `start_time` (string): The start time of the event.
  - `end_time` (string): The end time of the event.
  - `is_private` (bool): Whether the event is private.
- **Responses**: 
  - `201 Created`: Event created.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to create an event.

#### `GET /api/v1/events/{event_id}`
- **Description**: Get a specific event.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `event_id` (int): The id of the event.
- **Responses**: 
  - `200 OK`: Returns the event.
  - `404 Not Found`: Event not found.

#### `PUT /api/v1/events/{event_id}`
- **Description**: Update a specific event.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `event_id` (int): The id of the event.
  - `title` (string): The title of the event.
  - `description` (string): The description of the event.
  - `start_time` (string): The start time of the event.
  - `end_time` (string): The end time of the event.
  - `is_private` (bool): Whether the event is private.
- **Responses**: 
  - `200 OK`: Event updated.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to update the event.
  - `404 Not Found`: Event not found.

#### `DELETE /api/v1/events/{event_id}`
- **Description**: Delete a specific event.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `event_id` (int): The id of the event.
- **Responses**: 
  - `204 No Content`: Event deleted.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to delete the event.
  - `404 Not Found`: Event not found.


### Scrambles

#### `GET /api/v1/scrambles`
- **Description**: Generate a set of scrambles.
- **Query Parameters**:
  - `kind` (string): Puzzle type (possible values [Three, ...]).
  - `count` (uint8): Amount of requested scrambles.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Event updated.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.


### Sessions

#### `GET /api/v1/sessions`
- **Description**: Get all sessions of currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Sessions found.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to read this data.

#### `GET /api/v1/sessions/{session_id}`
- **Description**: Get session of currently logged account by id.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `session_id` (int): The id of the session.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Sessions found.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to read this data.
  - `404 Not Found`: Session not found.

#### `POST /api/v1/sessions/empty`
- **Description**: Create a new empty session for the currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `name` (string): Name of the new session.
- **Responses**:
  - `201 Created`: Empty sessions created.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to access this data.

#### `POST /api/v1/sessions/add-time`
- **Description**: Insert a time into the session for the currently logged account by id.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `session_id` (string): Id of the session.
  - `time` (json): Time object:
    - `millis` (uint64): Recorded time in milliseconds.
    - `recorded_at` (uint64): UNIX timestamp of when the time was recorded.
    - `scramble` (json): Scramble object (generated by `GET /scramble`):
      - `kind` (string): Puzzle type (possible values [Three, ...]).
      - `sequence` (string): Scramble sequence.
- **Responses**:
  - `201 Created`: New time inserted.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to access this data.

#### `DELETE /api/v1/sessions/{session_id}`
- **Description**: Delete a session of the currently logged account by id.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `session_id` (int): The id of the session.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Session deleted.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to access this data.

#### `DELETE /api/v1/sessions`
- **Description**: Delete all sessions of the currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: All sessions deleted.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to access this data.

Commit message:

doc: API docs updated with del_account and get_all_accounts

doc/api-documentation.md, after:

## Introduction

This document outlines the API endpoints and models offered by the backend of the application.

All api endpoints are prefixed with `/api/v1`.


## Table of Contents
 * [Profiles](#profiles)
 * [Auth](#auth)
 * [Events](#events)
 * [Scrambles](#scrambles)
 * [Sessions](#sessions)


### Profiles

#### `GET /api/v1/profiles/logged`
- **Description**: Get information about currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Account found.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to read this data.

#### `PUT /api/v1/profiles/logged/change-username`
- **Description**: Change the username of currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `username` (string): The new username of the account.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Username updated.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to update this data.

#### `PUT /api/v1/profiles/logged/change-password`
- **Description**: Change the password of currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `new_password` (string): The new password of the account.
  - `old_password` (string): Current password of the account.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Password updated.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to update this data.

#### `DELETE /api/v1/profiles/{account_id}`
- **Description**: Delete the account by id.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `account_id` (int): The id of the account.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Account deleted.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to update this data.
  - `403 Forbidden`: Resource forbidden.

#### `GET /api/v1/profiles`
- **Description**: Get all accounts.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Accounts found.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to read this data.
  - `403 Forbidden`: Resource forbidden.


### Auth

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/register`
- **Description**: Register a new account.
- **Request Body**:
  - `username` (string): The username of the new account.
  - `password` (string): The password of the new account.
- **Responses**:
  - `201 Created`: Account created.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `409 Conflict`: Username already taken.

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/login`
- **Description**: Authenticate the account and return JWT tokens.
- **Request Body**:
  - `username` (string): The username of the account.
  - `password` (string): The password of the account.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Login successful, returns JWT tokens.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Invalid credentials.

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/refresh`
- **Description**: Refresh the access token.
- **Request Body**:
  - `refresh_token` (string): The refresh token.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Token refreshed, returns a new access token.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Invalid or expired refresh token.

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/revoke-all-sessions`
- **Description**: Revoke all sessions of the account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `password` (string): The password of the account.
- **Responses**: 
  - `200 OK`: returns number of revoked sessions.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Invalid credentials.

#### `POST /api/v1/auth/logout`
- **Description**: Log out the current session by invalidating the refresh token.
- **Request Body**:
  - `refresh_token` (string): The refresh token.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Logged out.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Invalid or expired refresh token.


### Events

#### `GET /api/v1/events`
- **Description**: Get all non-private events.
- **Query Parameters**:
  - `page` (int): The page number.
  - `limit` (int): The number of events per page.
- **Responses**: 
  - `200 OK`: Returns a paginated list of non-private events.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid query parameters.

#### `POST /api/v1/events`
- **Description**: Create a new event.
- **Request Body**:
  - `title` (string): The title of the event.
  - `description` (string): The description of the event.
  - `start_time` (string): The start time of the event.
  - `end_time` (string): The end time of the event.
  - `is_private` (bool): Whether the event is private.
- **Responses**: 
  - `201 Created`: Event created.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to create an event.

#### `GET /api/v1/events/{event_id}`
- **Description**: Get a specific event.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `event_id` (int): The id of the event.
- **Responses**: 
  - `200 OK`: Returns the event.
  - `404 Not Found`: Event not found.

#### `PUT /api/v1/events/{event_id}`
- **Description**: Update a specific event.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `event_id` (int): The id of the event.
  - `title` (string): The title of the event.
  - `description` (string): The description of the event.
  - `start_time` (string): The start time of the event.
  - `end_time` (string): The end time of the event.
  - `is_private` (bool): Whether the event is private.
- **Responses**: 
  - `200 OK`: Event updated.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to update the event.
  - `404 Not Found`: Event not found.

#### `DELETE /api/v1/events/{event_id}`
- **Description**: Delete a specific event.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `event_id` (int): The id of the event.
- **Responses**: 
  - `204 No Content`: Event deleted.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to delete the event.
  - `404 Not Found`: Event not found.


### Scrambles

#### `GET /api/v1/scrambles`
- **Description**: Generate a set of scrambles.
- **Query Parameters**:
  - `kind` (string): Puzzle type (possible values [Three, ...]).
  - `count` (uint8): Amount of requested scrambles.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Event updated.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.


### Sessions

#### `GET /api/v1/sessions`
- **Description**: Get all sessions of currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Sessions found.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to read this data.

#### `GET /api/v1/sessions/{session_id}`
- **Description**: Get session of currently logged account by id.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `session_id` (int): The id of the session.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Sessions found.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to read this data.
  - `404 Not Found`: Session not found.

#### `POST /api/v1/sessions/empty`
- **Description**: Create a new empty session for the currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `name` (string): Name of the new session.
- **Responses**:
  - `201 Created`: Empty sessions created.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to access this data.

#### `POST /api/v1/sessions/add-time`
- **Description**: Insert a time into the session for the currently logged account by id.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Request Body**:
  - `session_id` (string): Id of the session.
  - `time` (json): Time object:
    - `millis` (uint64): Recorded time in milliseconds.
    - `recorded_at` (uint64): UNIX timestamp of when the time was recorded.
    - `scramble` (json): Scramble object (generated by `GET /scramble`):
      - `kind` (string): Puzzle type (possible values [Three, ...]).
      - `sequence` (string): Scramble sequence.
- **Responses**:
  - `201 Created`: New time inserted.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to access this data.

#### `DELETE /api/v1/sessions/{session_id}`
- **Description**: Delete a session of the currently logged account by id.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Path Parameters**:
  - `session_id` (int): The id of the session.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: Session deleted.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to access this data.

#### `DELETE /api/v1/sessions`
- **Description**: Delete all sessions of the currently logged account.
- **Headers**:
  - `Authorization` (string): JWT access token, prefixed with `Bearer `.
- **Responses**:
  - `200 OK`: All sessions deleted.
  - `400 Bad Request`: Invalid input data.
  - `401 Unauthorized`: Unauthorized to access this data.
